fifteen amazing phone functions you had
no idea existed nowadays everyone has a
cell phone in their pocket however only
a few people know about the hidden
opportunities available by pressing
certain key combinations there are many
of these codes some of them work with
all phones others only with certain
models but all of them allow you to try
some cool and useful features the
Brightside team has gathered the most
interesting combinations that will give
you access to the hidden functions of
your phone did you know that you can
hide your number and every outgoing call
you make watch our new video to find out
even more great phone tricks number 15
IMEI number this simple code asterisk
pound 0 6 pound is available for both
iPhone and Android users by pressing it
you can see your international Mobile
Equipment Identity number or as it
shortly called IMEI IMEI is a unique
code for your phone it can be incredibly
useful in a lot of cases for example if
you lose your phone or somebody steals
it knowing your IMEI number you can
easily block your device from your
service provider network if it's
necessary police often use this number
for identification so just press this
combination to find out what unique
number your phone has never know when
you'll need it number 14 number
identification the code asterisk pound
30 pound will help you turn your number
identification on or off so if you want
to hide your identity and go incognito
for some time this is the way to go it
works the other way around also by
pressing asterisk pound 30 pound you can
find out the number identification of
the person who's calling you if he or
she didn't turn it off beforehand
unfortunately this only works on iPhones
number 13 statistics and secret menu
the combination asterisk pound asterisk
pound four six three six pound asterisk
pound asterisk has various purposes
depending on your device if you have an
Android use this code to see the Wi-Fi
signal as well as your battery and CPU
usage statistics along with other
information each of these selections has
a variety of options for example in
battery statistics you can find out your
battery's health level and even
temperature this code is also quite
useful for those people who stick to
motorola as it opens up a secret menu of
the phone number 12 no outgoing calls
[Music]
the next code is working only on iPhones
the main aim of it is to disable any
outgoing calls sometimes it is very
necessary and this code will definitely
come in handy so if you want to try it
just press the following combination
asterisk 3:3 asterisk pound voila now
you won't be bothered by any outgoing
calls don't forget that you can turn
this function off any time by pressing
asterisk 3:3 asterisk pin pound number
11 instant factory settings good news
for Android lovers you can have an
instant return to factory States after
using the combination asterisk pound
asterisk pound seven seven eight zero
pound asterisk pound asterisk your phone
will remove Google Account Settings as
well as application data and settings if
you're in the mood for getting all the
initial settings back you can do it with
a couple of simple clicks don't forget
that this combination is irreversible so
don't use it without a good reason
number 10 whole reinstallation if you
want to go a little further and set
everything on your phone to your liking
from scratch you can always reset all of
your settings at once the code asterisk
two seven six seven asterisk three eight
five five pound will not only remove all
your phone files and settings but also
reinstall your phone's firmware so again
think twice before doing it once you
press this combination there's no way
back this code will only work on Android
devices though number nine better
communication
the combination asterisk 337 0 pound is
available only for iPhone users and
turns on an EF are coding it improves
the quality of your communication but
unfortunately reduces battery life so
you have to be prepared that after you
activate this feature your phone will
die way sooner than usual
you can always deactivate this function
though just by pressing pound 337 0
pound number 8 listen to yourself
another fascinating feature is available
for Android users press the combination
asterisk pound asterisk pound eight
three five one
asterisk pound asterisk and you'll be
able to listen to recordings of your own
voice during the last 20 phone calls you
can do it just for fun or use this
function when you need to refresh
something in your memory and you can
miss another great opportunity to cringe
at the sound of your voice I surely
won't number seven service center number
iPhone users can quickly find out the
number of a service center for a current
provider when in need by simply pressing
the combination asterisk pound five zero
zero five asterisk seven six seven two
pound this is a very cool way to be able
to get the correct number right here and
now instead of searching for it and
other resources great idea Apple number
six quick turning off you know when
you're long press the power button your
phone gives you some options such as
silent in airplane mode as well as
turning the power off Android users will
understand me well there is a simple
code for Android devices that will help
you change the power button action in
your phone press asterisk pound asterisk
pound seven five nine four pound
asterisk pound asterisk and your phone
will turn off instantly without showing
you this small menu this trick can be
quite useful right number five
call waiting
we all have hectic and busy days when
you just can't keep up with everything
that's happening for some of us multiple
calls and messages during the day are
basically an essential part of their
everyday lives well if you're in this
group of people and you have an iPhone
there is a very important function that
can make your life way easier it's this
combination asterisk 43 pound entering
it and pressing call will turn on call
waiting on your phone meaning that from
now on you'll be notified every time
someone is calling you when you're
already on hold
call waiting also allows you to answer
the new call right away a certain
must-have if you changed your mind you
could always go back to the start by
dialing pound 43 pound number for quick
service menu the next one is for the
owners of Samsung Galaxy phones you may
not know about this but you can have
quick access to your service menu by
pressing the combination asterisk pound
0 0 1 1 pound with this code you can
explore your service mode and see all
the extra information you may need
number 3 signal information there is an
interesting option that is available for
iPhone users graphic mode isn't always
correct and showing the level of the
signal which is why sometimes it's
better to turn on numeric mode to do
that enter the field mode by tapping
asterisk 3 0 0 1 pound 1 2 3 4 5 pound
asterisk then press and hold power until
the off slider appears then release
power and press home now you see your
signal and DBA
keep in mind that negative 140 DBA is
the worst signal you can have and
negative 40 DBA is on the other hand the
best one to leave numeric mode tap the
same code and then press home to exit
number 2 straight to voicemail
it's no secret that everybody feels like
they just don't want to answer the phone
from time to time it can be just because
you want to be left alone or because you
have to focus on something way more
important and all these calls keep
distracting you in this kind of
situation
iPhone users can turn on the call
forwarding function so that all your
incoming calls will be pushed right to
voicemail all you have to do is dial
asterisk pound 21 pound and there you go
no more unwanted conversations you can
always turn call forwarding off by
the same number when you're ready to
pick up your phone again number one hide
your number and outgoing calls and
finally we got to one of the most
interesting secret features your phone
secretly has first of all it works for
both iPhone and Android users which is
wonderful and secondly it's this simple
combination pound 31 pound phone number
that will allow you to hide your phone
number in all outgoing calls it's
definitely worth a try which one of
these codes do you find the most useful
tell us your opinions in the comment
section below and don't forget to hit
the like button below the video and
share it with your friends if you want
to see more videos like this then click
Subscribe and join us on the bright side
of life
[Music]